V2 Split files (#75)
SigmaHQ/sigma-specification: V2_breaking_changes.md

**Breaking changes**

Warning `sigmac` will not be able to convert this version. Only `pySigma` and the corresponding `sigma-cli` provide full support for version 2.

# New Modifier

- `windash` : converts `-` values into `/` and vice versa. Will be used for all `CommandLine` fields in windows > `process_creation` rules.
- `exists` that allows to define that a certain field exists or doesn't exists in a log event by providing

>   a boolean value. Currently we use filters with `field: null` as a workaround for this purpose, which is inaccurate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a boolean value. Currently we use filters with `field: null` as a workaround for this purpose, which is less descriptive.

```

# Corelation

> - Remove aggregation expression in sigma rule file see [Sigma meta rules](Sigma_meta_rules.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove aggregation expression in Sigma rule file see [Sigma meta rules](Sigma_meta_rules.md)
```
